Arrow USB Blaster Programmer Hardware Library for Linux, 64 bit
Version 2.1

This is the readme file for the 64-bit Linux programmer hardware library
for BeMicro boards and other Arrow USB Blaster compatible hardware.

Installation
Copy the file libjtag_hw_arrow.so into the directory quartus/linux64 of
the Intel PSG installation directory (e.g. /opt/intelFPGA/17.1/quartus/linux64).
Be sure to have the permission for doing this.

Depending on your settings, it might be necessary to add a rule under
/etc/udev/rules.d. An example how to do this can be found in the file
51-usbblaster.rules in this directory.

The frequency of the JTAG clock TCK can be configured using an additional
configuration file. The file is searched by the shared library in two locations: 
- as ".arrow_usb_blaster.conf" in the home directory of the user who has 
  started the JTAG demon. This possibility is intended to set the frequency
  for an individual user or project.
- as "arrow_usb_blaster.conf" under "/etc" if it was not found in the home
  directory. This is to change the settings globally.
If no configuration file is found the default setting is used which is 6MHz.

If there is the need to change the JTAG clock frequency, copy the file
"arrow_usb_blaster.conf" and adjust the frequency to your needs.

The Arrow USB Blaster driver uses the FTDI library libftd2xx version
1.3.6 which is statically linked.

The Arrow USB Blaster driver for Linux has been compiled and tested under
CentOS 6.8 (64 bit). However it should also work with other Linux systems.

-----
Known issues:

(1) FTDI offers two different drivers for the FT2232H device, VCP and D2XX.
The application note AN343 issued by FTDI states that only one of these
two drivers can be resident on Linux. The Arrow USB Blaster needs the
D2XX driver in order to operate properly. However, on most Linux systems
the VCP driver is loaded automatically.

Because of that, the VCP driver must be unloaded before the Arrow USB Blaster
library can be used. A common way to do this is to open a shell window,
make sure you are a sudoer, and enter:

sudo rmmod ftdi_sio
sudo rmmod usbserial

This unloads the VCP driver. There is no need to install the D2XX driver since
this driver is statically linked to the Arrow USB Blaster library.

If you want, you also can disable by the VCP driver by blacklisting it or
by simply deleting it. This eliminates the need to unload the VCP driver
each time a board equipped with an Arrow USB Blaster is connected to the PC.
You may also make use of an udev script that unloads the VCP driver automatically
when the Arrow USB Blaster is plugged-in.

(2) During the enumeration process, the FTDI USB controller performs a reset.
Depending on the hardware used, this might remove the power from the FPGA and
therefore erase the contents of the FPGA. 
